Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Evening, Walter.
Any problems?
Nah.
Just walked it straight
out of the evidence room.
And you're sure no one will miss it?
God, no!
Nobody believes that crackpot story anyway.
The case is closed as
far as we're concerned.
Good.
You got the money?
And don't count it in front of me.
It's bad manners.
Of course...
I trust you.
Now, get the fuck out of here.
This isn't a social visit.
There is a legend around here.
A vintage doll
possessed by a vengeful spirit.
Evil lurking within a symbol
of childhood innocence.
It's said that a curse will pass
to all those who own the doll.
A death curse.
Only a few have seen the doll
and lived to tell the tale.
Some have even tried to destroy it.
But no one has succeeded.
Robert is watching...
...waiting...
Ready to inflict
death and destruction
on anyone who crosses his path.
Oh... Can we help you?
Hi, I'm the new cleaning assistant.
Uh, Walter Berenson hired me.
I'm supposed to meet a lady named Ethel.
Oh, she's inside.
Okay, thanks.
Uh, one piece of advice, little lady.
Yeah?
I've got my name on a
bunch of stuff in there.
He means that literally, you know.
He wrote his name on
milk cartons and stuff.
Shut up!
Some people who've worked here
before chose to ignore those labels.
They ate my food, stole my teabags.
I don't like those people.
I want to like you.
So when you get in there,
don't give me a reason not to.
Uh, okay.
Lighten up, Stan! Come
on, let's get to work.
You looking for me?
Ethel?
- Yeah?
- Hi.
I'm Emily, the new cleaning assistant.
Walter said you'd show me around.
Walter.
That guy's a prick.
He has got no idea the work
that we put in down here.
Too busy at his country club, hob
nobbing with the other rich dickheads.
Anyway...
Sit down, love.
- Coffee?
- Oh, yes please.
Ah.
You'll be needing this.
Thanks.
So, this job.
Part of your life's plan, is it?
Always wanted to clear
up after other people?
Not exactly.
I'm a student.
I needed some extra cash
and this job came up.
I'm a night owl anyway, so
the late shifts will suit me.
Yeah?
Well, I've been working
nights for over a decade
and it's no walk in the
park, I can tell you.
Your body clock gets all screwed up.
Even on your day off you're hungry
at two o'clock in the morning,
because your body still
thinks it's time for lunch.
Skin and hair go to shit, too.
Anything good about
working the night shift?
Yeah.
Knocking off at 8:00 a.m. means it's socially
acceptable to drink vodka in the morning!
This is 1940's War Time.
One of the sections you'll be assigned to.
Okay.
You'll be dusting and polishing in here.
As well as brushing and mopping the floor.
As I said, you know,
it's not rocket science,
no need to over complicate things.
Okay.
We get a lot of people
coming through here every day.
One thing you learn about people
is that they are disgusting.
They eat food or wipe snot on their
hands, then they touch the exhibits!
They leave greasy hand prints everywhere.
I mean, especially on the glass
cases. Make sure to get those off.
It's kids mostly.
- You got any?
- No.
Huh. Me neither.
I'm barren, thank Christ.
Everything you need is in here.
Pretty obvious, really.
I'm assuming you're not a moron,
so I don't expect you to do any crazy shit,
like get bleach on any
of the mannequin uniforms.
Of course not.
That's what one cleaning assistant did.
Hence why you're in the hot seat.
All seems pretty straight forward.
Just use a bit of initiative,
don't bring any drama to my door
and we'll get along just fine.
Okay.
Now let me show you our newest exhibit.
Another section you'll be responsible for.
Okay.
It's not my cup of tea.
I don't understand it.
People flock to see this thing.
So there'll be plenty of hand
prints left on the glass each night.
What's that all about?
- What?
- The sign.
Oh, that.
Just some money making
scheme that Walter's into.
He tells everyone that the doll is haunted.
So the ghost obsessed ghouls
come here to take pictures.
He gets a tour guide to tell them
that if they don't ask Robert's
permission to take a photo,
that the doll will put a curse on them.
Sounds interesting.
The museum was dead before
this thing came here.
Now all of a sudden, people are flocking.
So you don't believe in
the supernatural, then?
Just a load of rubbish if you ask me.
People play it up to make money.
Anyway, let's get on.
Emily?
Yeah?
Don't let your imagination
run away with you.
I won't.
Hi, guys. Sorry to bother you. How many
of us are on the night shift tonight?
Why?
I'm just curious.
Uh, you, Ethel, and us two.
Right.
What's up?
I just thought I saw
someone in the corridor.
Well, it wasn't either of us, sweetheart.
Yeah, I can see you're really busy.
How much of the building
does this CCTV cover?
Uh, just the main entrance,
couple of corridors.
Berenson's too tight to give us a system
that actually covers the entire building.
Do you think you can rewind
the tape and check it out?
Now why would we need to do that?
I just thought I saw someone in the
corridor and wanted to know who it was.
It was probably Ethel
sneaking off for a fag,
and leaving you to do all the work.
I don't think it was.
So what are you saying? You think
someone's trespassing, or what?
I don't know.
Oh, give over, love.
Who would want to break
into this place, eh?
All that's here is some dusty
old shit no one actually wants.
I don't mind checking things out.
Are you sure?
Nah, it's cool. I'll have a walk around.
See if anything's wrong.
Thanks.
Hi.
Uh, I did a thorough check and
everything seems to be okay.
I must have got it wrong.
I could have sworn I saw someone.
Well, everything's as
it should be, but, um...
Don't hesitate to give me a shout
if anything concerns you, all right?
Okay.
It's what I'm here for.
Thanks.
Um, ignore Stan.
He's getting a bit grumpy in his old age.
Okay, thanks.
You didn't waste any time.
You what?
Playing the damsel in distress for
the handsome young security guard.
No it wasn't like that. He...
- I thought I saw someone in the corridor...
- Nah.
Don't need to make excuses.
If I was 20 years younger,
I'd certainly give him one.
I need to show you something.
- Well, what is it?
- Just come and look.
Over here, look.
What the hell am I
supposed to be seeing here?
Wait, that's not right.
What?
There were hand prints on the glass.
I told you, people touch the
exhibits with their dirty hands.
No, you don't understand.
The hand prints were on
the inside of the glass.
So, what are you saying exactly?
I don't know...
The doll was...
You feeling all right?
I don't know. Maybe the night
shifts are getting to me.
God, love, it's only your second night.
If you're going loopy on me already,
perhaps this ain't the job for you.
It's just... I saw the hand prints.
They were there before I came
to find you and now they're gone.
It's my fault.
I filled your head with
all that crap about the doll
and it's getting to you.
Come on, let's have a break.
How you doing?
Hey.
You can go ahead, Stan. I'll catch up.
I've got a pretty good emotional radar.
What's wrong?
Either I'm going crazy, or
there's something strange going on.
Well, what do you think's going on?
I don't know but I'm getting
a bad feeling about that doll.
What? Robert the Doll?
- Yeah.
- Is he creeping you out?
A bit.
The thing is, I saw these hand
prints on the doll's glass case.
They looked like the doll's hand prints.
Really?
Somebody playing a joke?
I don't know, maybe.
Stan and Ethel into practical jokes?
Definitely not!
Maybe someone working in the day did it.
Well, what else could it be?
Sounds crazy, but maybe what
they say about the doll is true.
What? All that haunted stuff?
- Yeah.
- Do you believe in all that?
Not really.
But, I don't know, since
I've been working here,
I've seen things I don't have
a rational explanation for.
Have you seen anything strange?
Hmm. No.
But I gotta be honest. This job doesn't
exactly require much concentration.
I mean, nothing happens here.
Kinda just zone out most of the time.
I tell you what. I'll be a bit
more vigilant from now on, yeah?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Well, I don't know you that
well, so I can't say for sure.
I guess not.
But I'd like to.
What?
Get to know you.
After work I usually go to this
24 hour diner around the corner,
I was just wondering if you
wanted to come with me tonight?
Uh...
Uh, sorry, that was a bit
forward. Don't worry about it.
I didn't mean to make
you feel uncomfortable...
- No, I'd like to.
- Don't worry about it...
You would?
Yeah.
Oh, okay, great.
I'll meet you in reception at 8:00, then?
Sure.
Cool. I, uh, better catch up with Stan.
Yeah, I better get back to work.
- I'll see you later.
- See you later.
- See you.
- Bye.
So, um, what are you studying?
Sociology.
- Sounds interesting.
- It's not, really.
To be honest I only took
it because I didn't know
what to do after finishing school.
I had a couple of years
off, worked a few jobs.
Nothing really worked out, so
I decided to go back to Uni.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I wanted to be a photographer.
But photography didn't pay the bills.
So I took the security work.
I mean, at first I still
called myself a photographer,
and security was just a temp thing.
But now?
Now I have to be honest with people
when they ask me what I do for a living.
I'm a security guard.
Still plenty of time to follow your dream.
Yeah, I guess so.
At least you know what your dream is.
So, uh...
How are you feeling about
everything at the museum now then?
Not great.
Helps to know that you'll be there though.
Just going for a walk through.
All right, I'll get the next one.
Bloody thing...
Oh, God.
There you go.
Got ya, you bastard.
Stan?
Stan, you in here, mate?
So, uh... Mrs. Mason.
So, you were in the staff room
between 1:00 a.m. and 1:30?
That's right.
Just you, all on your own?
Yes.
I was there, too, but I popped
out to make a phone call.
Oh, how long did you pop out for?
I was on the phone for about 20 minutes.
What about you? Uh, Kevin.
Where were you when all this was going off?
I was in the security station.
So you went to look for Mr.
Graves about 1:30, correct?
Yeah.
He'd been gone for about 45 minutes
and it doesn't take that
long to do a walk through.
Shit, it's Berenson.
Somebody wanna tell me what the
hell is going on around here?
Mr. Berenson.
Yes.
Detective Atkins.
I was told an employee was hurt.
It's a bit more serious than that.
Your employee, Mr. Graves, is dead.
You planning on turning my
museum into a crime scene?
- Just a moment...
- Just calm down a sec...
We open to the public at 9:00 a.m.
I certainly hope you'll be done by then.
Oh, I'm fairly sure we will be.
Good.
If I could just have a word in private.
Why?
Oh, just be good to go
through a few things.
We can use my office.
Sardy, just get phone numbers and
addresses off the staff, will you?
- Yeah.
- We're going to have to contact them again.
All right, let's get your name, darling.
Emily Barker.
And what's your phone number, Emily?
0-77-16-364-29.
You thinking about Stan?
Yeah...
I know he was grumpy,
but he was a good guy deep down.
I'm sure he was.
Was he married?
Nah, he never had any kids either.
It's kinda sad that he didn't
leave anyone special behind.
This might not be the right time to say it,
but there's something strange
going on at that museum.
The doll?
Yeah.
I know it sounds like I've lost
my mind, but I know what I've seen.
Ethel said people believe
the doll is possessed
and I can't help but
think it might be true.
I really don't know if I
can go back there, you know.
You're thinking about quitting?
To be honest, yeah.
Perhaps you should, too.
I can't. I've got bills to pay!
So have I, but I can't help feeling
more bad stuff is going to happen.
Don't quit.
Not yet.
I'll be there, I won't
let anything happen to you.
Why do you care what happens to me?
Because I like you.
You do?
Yeah.
Why?
Is there any reason why I shouldn't?
Yeah, plenty.
I'm awkward, unsociable, and...
You just did that to
shut me up, didn't you?
You don't know how beautiful you are.
I'm not.
Yes, you are.
Hey, Ethel.
Hmm?
Would you mind taking the
Robert exhibition for me tonight?
Why?
I just can't face going down there.
After what happened to Stan it won't be a
barrel of laughs for me either, sweetheart.
I know, I'm sorry. I'll do it, it's fine.
All right.
We can swap if it makes
you feel that uncomfortable.
Thank you.
Hey.
Hi.
You okay?
Yeah, it's just weird without Stan around.
Yeah.
Must be difficult.
Just takes some getting used to.
Oh, for Christ's sake!
Um, what happened
between us, at your place.
I hope you don't think it
was just a one time thing.
It really meant something to me, you know?
It meant something to me, too.
- What was that?
- Stay here!
No, I'm coming with you!
Em!
So, let's get this straight.
You and Mr... Uh...
- Kevin.
- Yeah, Kevin. Kevin.
When you got to the scene about 11:30-ish,
you found that there was rubbish from
the storage room all over the floor
and the door was open?
Yes.
Why do I have to keep telling
you the same thing over and over?
Just establishing the facts.
I mean, there have been two fatalities
in this location in a matter of days.
I think that raises a
few questions, don't you?
Yes.
But you're asking the wrong person.
Miss Barker.
Have you got something to tell me that
might help with this investigation?
If I told you what I really
think, you'd think I was crazy.
Try me.
All right.
Ever since I started working there,
there's something about that
doll that just doesn't feel right.
Doll?
Yeah.
On the ground floor, there's
an exhibit called Robert.
It's an old, vintage doll.
Oh, that doll your boss claims is haunted
so he can drive ticket prices up?
Yeah.
Only I think it might be true.
And what makes you think that?
I've had a couple of strange experiences.
I saw hand prints that were on the
inside of the doll's glass case.
I swear, I've seen the
doll in the corridors, too.
Well, that's quite a theory, isn't it?
Check the CCTV, for God's sake!
There's cameras all over the building,
the tapes must have picked something up!
No, we've checked the CCTV.
- And?
- Nothing untoward there.
Look, Miss Barker,
I've got to focus all of my efforts
on finding a viable human
suspect for these deaths.
Are you saying I'm a suspect?
I'm saying...
You and your pal Kevin best not
leave town any time soon, eh?
I don't even know why I
was called in as a suspect.
- Are you okay?
- No, I'm not okay!
Well, what did they say?
Stan's death wasn't an accident
and neither was Ethel's.
There was nobody else in the
building, so we're the suspects!
Yeah, they've said the
same thing to me, too.
What the hell are we going to do?
We need to prove that the doll did this.
"Woman claims a possessed doll
murdered her son's babysitter.
"Jennifer Otto, 35, made
the outlandish claim,
"on the day that her son,
10-year-old Eugene Otto,
"was charged with the murder
of 17-year-old Marcie Richmont
"and his own father Paul,
a 36-year-old lawyer."
Hey, Em, come and check this out.
"Mother of murderous child committed.
"Jennifer Otto, whose son,
Eugene was found guilty
"of the murder of his father, Paul Otto,
"has today been committed to the
East State Mental Health Hospital.
"Mrs. Otto, 35, claimed that
a doll given to their son
"by their now deceased
housekeeper, Agatha Blackwood,
"was inhabited by an evil
spirit which influenced her son
"to attack his father with a knife."
Whoa. So it's not just
Walter's bullshit, then.
That doll really does
have a fucked up history.
What if this Jennifer Otto isn't crazy?
What if the doll really is possessed
and all this happened just like she said?
Then I think we need to go and talk to her.
Mrs. Otto?
Hi.
Do I know you?
No.
I'm Emily and this is Kevin.
What's this about?
Robert the Doll.
Do you know where he is?
Yeah.
We work in a museum in
the town of East Falls.
Robert's one of the exhibits there.
Oh no. You need to quit!
We know.
Two of our colleagues have
already died, and we think
maybe the doll has something to do with it.
There's no maybe about it!
The doll's possessed.
Get as far away from it as you can.
The police consider us
suspects for the murders.
We need to prove that the doll
did it, or we could end up in jail.
If I could prove that, my son
wouldn't be in juvenile detention,
and I wouldn't be in this place!
No one believes me!
Maybe you could help us, then.
Is there anything that's not in the media,
that you could tell us about the doll?
Okay.
A couple who once owned the doll
told me that the spirit
inside Robert is a boy
called Robert Crow.
He was murdered by his father.
It was said that the spirit
laid dormant for years and then
Agatha, my former
housekeeper, stirred it up.
When my son was arrested,
I did some digging and I discovered
it wasn't Agatha who encouraged
the evil inside Robert.
I spoke to a psychic, okay, and
she claimed a male energy
connected to Agatha,
he encouraged the evil inside Robert.
Did they say who the man was?
No, but apparently, Agatha has a brother.
Blackwood, Amos... Amos Blackwood!
But he must be operating under a
false identity now though, because
I couldn't find anything in the
public record of him after age 30.
There's no obituary, there's no
details of death, there's nothing.
It's like he just vanished
off the face of the earth.
The psychic thinks he's still alive.
She said he owned a business
and was seeking to profit
from the misfortune of others.
Berenson!
The police said there wasn't any
footage of Robert on the CCTV.
I bet Berenson replaced the tapes!
Who are you talking about?
The museum owner.
You should ask the police
to check his background.
We will.
If he is Amos Blackwood
living under a new name, then
the police should be able to prove it.
Let's do it.
Wait, look, um...
If this turns out to be nothing
and you can't get anyone to believe you,
you just do whatever you
can to destroy that doll...
Before it destroys you.
Like it did me.
That doll has killed several people.
At least you're still alive.
You call this being alive?
I'm sorry, I didn't mean...
You know, that thing
might have left me breathing, but
it took my life in every other way.
Everything I ever loved is gone.
All that's left is four walls.
The only way I can live
now is inside my head.
You know, when you're left alone with your
thoughts you find yourself outnumbered.
You know, I can quieten
my head for like a minute,
but then the past always
comes back to haunt me.
I used to ask myself why?
But I know now.
It's fate.
It's like this concrete thing.
Everyone has to deal
with it sooner or later.
You know, even if you
succeed in killing the doll.
That's the thing you can't kill.
What's that?
Damnation.
It doesn't die like people do.
Fate will never forget you.
So what do you wanna do?
We need to talk to Atkins and
get him to look into Berenson.
So what if Berenson is Agatha's brother
and has some interest in the supernatural?
How does that get us off
the hook as murder suspects?
We need to find a way to connect
the doll and Berenson to the deaths.
Yeah and how the hell are we gonna do that?
Let's arrange a meeting
with Berenson at the museum.
We could tape the conversation
and get Atkins to turn up.
Maybe we could get Berenson to confess
to knowing the doll is dangerous.
But he already advertises that.
Well, what do you suggest we do?
We need to prove that the doll did this
and we've got no video evidence, nothing!
I do have one idea.
Are you sure you want
to go through with this?
Yeah.
I think we owe it to Stan and Ethel.
- Berenson.
- Mr. Berenson, this is Kevin Underwood.
Who?
One of the night security guards.
What do you want?
I made copies of the tapes.
Tapes?
What tapes?
The CCTV tapes.
What are you talking about?
You know what's on those
tapes, don't you, Mr. Berenson?
Well, tell me how you
made copies so quickly,
when those tapes disappeared before
the police even knew to ask for them?
Well, after both murders I
went straight to the CCTV.
Filmed the footage right onto my phone.
Fuck.
How do you think people are going
to react when they find out that
one of your exhibits caused the
death of two innocent people?
I'll tell you how it reflects on me.
I'll make a fucking fortune!
That doll's legend will grow even more.
People will be cramming through
the door, paying any price I ask
just to get a glimpse
of that ugly bastard!
I don't think so, Mr. Berenson.
There's fun for customers
in seeing something spooky,
there's no fun in seeing something
that will fucking kill you.
Customers are going to run to the hills
when they find out how
dangerous that thing is.
What does any of this have to do with me?
I want you to meet me at the museum,
tonight at eight o'clock.
I'll give you the phone
with the footage on it.
And don't worry, I'll
keep your little secret.
Yeah?
And what's in it for you?
A hundred thousand, cash.
So that's what this is about, huh?
Blackmail!
You're a businessman and I'm a businessman.
Just think of it as a business transaction.
Fuck you!
All right, I'll take the
footage to the cops, then.
You think your murderous doll
theory will stand up in court?
Give me a break.
Yeah? Well, what do you
think is going to happen
when police find out that you've
been tampering with evidence
in a double murder investigation?
I mean, whether they believe the
doll theory or not, it doesn't matter.
Tampering with evidence
is a serious offense.
You could get some
quality jail time.
And do you know what those muscle-bound
lifers do to pencil-necks like you in jail?
How do I know you've really
got copies of the tapes?
Can you really afford to take the risk?
And what about that girl?
That cleaner with the glasses?
Does she know anything about this?
I'll split the money with her.
And don't worry. Neither of us will
say anything if we get the cash.
Okay.
I'll play your game.
I'll see you tonight.
Both of you.
Wise choice.
You didn't record the
footage on your phone.
He doesn't know that.
He's admitted that he hid the tapes,
because there's something
incriminating on them.
He's basically given himself away already.
And what about the money?
I needed to show that I had a
motive that didn't involve the cops.
Don't worry, I don't want his money.
This is about clearing our names.
So...
Now, what you're saying is your boss
has hidden the real CCTV footage
taken on the night of the murders?
- Yeah.
And you're saying
he did that because the real footage proves
that an exhibit from the museum came
to life and perpetrated the murders?
Is this some kind of joke?
We know it sounds crazy,
but when we meet with him tonight
we'll record the conversation
and get him to confess what he's done.
All right, all right.
If he's withheld evidence, well,
it's a serious offense. But this doll?
Come on!
What have you kids been smoking?
That doll has a dark history.
If you haven't heard about it, look it up.
There's articles all over the Internet.
I know all about that.
Some kid killed his
babysitter and his father,
and his mother blamed the doll.
So why don't you believe us?
Because a jury found him guilty of murder,
and because his mother
ended up in an asylum.
Now, I don't know about you,
but that doesn't sound like
a doll was to blame, does it?
Look, you don't have
to believe us right now.
Just come to the museum tonight,
we'll record the confession from
Berenson and the least you can do is
charge him with tampering with
evidence in a murder investigation.
Okay, Johnny Law, you've got
it all worked out, haven't you?
Tell me this. Where does that leave
me with a viable human suspect, eh?
I can't file a report claiming a
doll's responsible for a double murder.
They'll laugh me off the force.
This is an ongoing investigation.
I am gathering evidence.
If you two have done nothing wrong,
you've got nothing to
worry about, have you?
Now what I suggest is you drop
this plan with your boss, go home!
We'll look into your claims
of tampering with evidence.
Just let us get on with our job!
If you've really done nothing wrong,
you can sleep tightly in
your bed tonight, can't you?
Right, phone's set.
You ready?
Yeah.
I just really hope this works.
We'll be fine.
Just stay close, okay?
Ah, young love.
How nice.
You got the money?
You've got the footage?
It's all on here.
Great.
Hand it over.
You hand over the money,
I'll hand over the phone.
Both at the same time, yeah?
Fair enough. I can do that.
Fine.
Before we make this exchange,
there's one thing I gotta know.
Yeah? What?
You knew that doll was
possessed, didn't you?
You put your staff in danger.
You put customers in danger, too.
That doll was an investment.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Of course, after I saw the tapes
and realized that this
haunted doll hype was real...
Well, I just accepted that
as an unexpected bonus.
We know your real name is Amos Blackwood.
You were the one who stirred up
the evil spirit inside that doll.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I was born and bred a Berenson.
You're lying!
That woman who gave the doll to the Otto
family, you're her brother, aren't you?
I think you're mistaken, young lady.
We gonna stand around
and chit chat all night,
or are we gonna get down to business?
Okay.
On three.
Yeah.
One...
Two...
Three.
What the fuck is this?
It's what I think you're worth.
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
I don't think so.
Some young punk thinks he
can take a shot at the title.
You've got the balls, I'll grant you that.
Your problem is you're fighting
way above your weight class.
It's just not even a fair fight.
You couldn't go the distance.
Now...
I think it's time to put
you out of your misery.
Ow, fuck!
We've gotta get out of here!
Oh, shit!
Help!
Oh, fucking hell!
Come on!
Fucking open!
Shit...
Oh, God. You okay?
Oh, shit.
We need to get out of here.
Come here. Come here.
We need to go.
Where is he?
Come on, come on. Oh,
can you see him? Shit.
Oh, shit. Where is he?
I need to stop.
No, no!
You can't stop, we have to keep going!
Come on, keep going.
No, no, no.
No, no! You can't stop.
No, no, no. Come on.
No.
One, two, three and four,
Robert wants to play and play some more.
Five, six, seven and eight,
forever and ever...
One, two, three and four,
Robert wants to play and play some more.
Five, six, seven and eight,
forever and ever...
Where am I?
East Falls Hospital.
Kevin...
Is he dead?
Yes.
What do you remember about
events at the museum tonight?
The doll.
It's alive, just like I told you.
Killed everyone.
Well we found Mr. Berenson.
And we found Kevin, and we found you.
Passed out on the corridor.
How much do you remember?
We met Berenson, me and Kevin.
Like we told you.
The doll went crazy.
Killed Berenson, killed Kevin.
Tried to kill me, too, but I fought back.
So you're saying the doll
committed these murders?
Yeah.
Didn't you see it?
Well, didn't you?
Well, we checked the
place out when we arrived.
No doll.
You're not here to see how I am, are you?
Not exactly.
Then why are you here?
I'm sorry.
Emily Barker, you have the
right to remain silent, but,
anything you do say...
...may and could be used in a court of law.
You have the right to an attorney...
Evening, Amos.
Good evening, Officer Sardy.
Special delivery.
Ah.
This is the one I've been waiting for.
So, where do you want it, then?
Uh...
If you can just put it on the
workbench just around there.
All right.
Very, uh, creepy!
This is the price we agreed.
Oh, thank you.
Just remember, old man.
The shit hits the fan,
you ain't ever heard of me.
Rest assured, Officer Sardy,
I know how to keep the secrets.
Oh, I'm sure you do.
I mean, what you do with these toys
behind closed doors is your own business.
However if it does go Pete Tong...
Well, let's just say it
ain't gonna end well for you.
Goodnight, Officer Sardy.
Yeah, goodnight, Toyboy!
Oh.
Oh, my boy.
Look what they've done to you.
Don't worry, Robert.
I will get you back on your feet.
Corpus Levitas, Diablo Dominium,
Mondo, Licium.
Let the games begin.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org